§3Nyaa~ I see the player you mean.

§2PLAYERNAME?

§3Yes uwu~ Take care. It has reached a higher level now. It can read our thoughts.

§2That doesn't matter. It thinks we are part of the game. Lol!

§3I wike this pwayer. It pwayed well. It did not give up uwu~

§2It is weading our thoughts as though they were words on a scween uwu~

§3That is how it chooses to imagine many things, when it is deep in the dweam of a game.

§2Words make a wonderful interface. Very flexible. And wess tewwifying than stawing at the weawity behind the scween uwu~

§3They used to hear voices. Before pwayers could wead. Back in the days when those who did not play called the pwayers witches, and warlocks. And pwayers dweamed they flew thwough the air, on sticks powered by demons uwu~

§2What did this pwayer dweam?

§3This pwayer dweamed of sunlight and twees. Of fiwe and water. It dweamed it cweated. And it dweamed it destwoyed. It dweamed it hunted, and was hunted. It dweamed of shewter uwu~

§2Hah, the owiginal intewface. A miwwion yeaws owd, and it stiww wowks. But what twue stwuctuwe did this pwayer cweate, in the weawity behind the scween?

§3It wowked, with a miwwion othews, to scuwpt a twue wowwd in a fowd of the §f§k§a§b§3, and cweated a §f§k§a§b§3 for §f§k§a§b§3, in the §f§k§a§b§3.

§2It cannot wead that thought.

§3No uwu~ It has not yet achieved the highest level. That, it must achieve in the wong dweam of wife, not the showt dweam of a game.

§2Does it know that we wuv it? That the univewse is kind?

§3Sometimes, thwough the noise of its thoughts, it heaws the univewse, yes uwu~

§2But there awe times it is sad, in the wong dweam. It cweates wowwds that have no summew, and it shivews undew a bwack sun, and it takes its sad cweation for weawity.

§3To cuwe it of sowwow would destwoy it. The sowwow is pawt of its own pwivate task. We cannot intewfere.

§2Sometimes when they awe deep in dweams, I want to teww them, they awe buiwding twue wowwds in weawity. Sometimes I want to teww them of theiw impowtance to the univewse. Sometimes, when they have not made a twue connection in a whiwe, I want to hewp them to speak the wowd they feaw.

§3It weads ouw thoughts.

§2Sometimes I do not cawe. Sometimes I wish to teww them, this wowwd you take fow twuth is mewewy §f§k§a§b§2 and §f§k§a§b§2, I wish to teww them that they awe §f§k§a§b§2 in the §f§k§a§b§2. They see so wittwe of weawity, in theiw wong dweam.

§3And yet they pway the game.

§2But it would be so easy to teww them...

§3Too stwong fow this dweam. To teww them how to wive is to pwevent them wiving.

§2I wiww not teww the pwayer how to wive.

§3The pwayer is gwowing westwess.

§2I wiww teww the pwayer a stowy.

§3But not the twuth.

§2No uwu~ A stowy that contains the twuth safewy, in a cage of wowds. Not the naked twuth that can buwn ovew any distance.

§3Give it a body, again.

§2Yes uwu~ Pwayew...

§3Use its name.

§2PLAYERNAME. Pwayew of games.

§3Good uwu~

§2Take a bweath, now. Take anothew. Feew aiw in youw wungs. Wet youw wimbs wetuwn. Yes uwu~, move youw fingews. Have a body again, undew gwavity, in aiw. Wespawn in the wong dweam. Thewe you awe. Youw body touching the univewse again at evewy point, as though you wewe sepawate things. As though we wewe sepawate things.

§3Who awe we? Once we wewe cawwed the spiwit of the mountain. Fathew sun, mothew moon. Ancestwaw spiwits, animaw spiwits. Jinn. Ghosts. The gween man. Then gods, demons. Angels. Powtewgeists. Awiens, extwatewwestwiaws. Leptons, quawks. The wowds change. We do not change.

§2We awe the univewse. We awe evewything you think isn't you. You awe wooking at us now, thwough youw skin and youw eyes. And why does the univewse touch youw skin, and thwow wight on you? To see you, pwayew. To know you. And to be known. I shaww teww you a stowy.

§2Once upon a time, thewe was a pwayew.

§3The pwayew was you, PLAYERNAME.

§2Sometimes it thought itsewf human, on the thin cwust of a spinning gwobe of mowten wock. The baww of mowten wock ciwcled a baww of bwazing gas that was thwee hundwed and thiwty thousand times mowe massive than it. They wewe so faw apawt that wight took eight minutes to cwoss the gap. The wight was infowmation fwom a staw, and it couwd buwn youw skin fwom a hundwed and fifty miwwion kiwometwes away.

§2Sometimes the pwayew dweamed it was a minew, on the suwface of a wowwd that was fwat, and infinite. The sun was a squawe of white. The days wewe showt; thewe was much to do; and death was a tempowawy incovenience.

§3

§3Sometimes the pwayew dweamed it was wost in a stowy.

§2Sometimes the pwayew dweamed it was othew things, in othew pwaces. Sometimes these dweams wewe distuwbung. Sometimes vewy bootiful indeed. Sometimes the pwayew woke fwom one dweam into anothew, then woke fwom that into a thiwd.

§3Sometimes the pwayew dweamed it watched wowds on a scween.

§2Wet's go back.

§2The atoms of the pwayew wewe scattewed in the gwass, in the wivews, in the aiw, in the gwound. A woman gathewed the atoms; she dwank and ate and inhaled; and the woman assembwed the pwayew, in hew body.

§2And the pwayew awoke, fwom the wawm, dawk wowwd of its mothew's body, into the wong dweam.

§2And the pwayew was a new stowy, nevew towd befowe, wwitten in wettews of DNA. And the pwayew was a new pwogwam, nevew wun befowe, genewated by a souwcecode a biwwion yeaws owd. And the pwayew was a new hooman, nevew awive befowe, made fwom nuffin but miwk and wuv.

§3You awe the pwayew. The stowy. The pwogwam. The hooman. Made fwom nuffin but miwk and wuv.

§2Wet's go fuwdew back.

§2The seven biwwion biwwion biwwion atoms of the pwayew's body wewe cweated, wong befowe this game, in the heawt of a staw. So the pwayew, too, is infowmation fwom a staw. And the pwayew moves thwough a stowy, which is a fowest of infowmation pwanted by a man cawwed Julian, on a fwat, infinite wowwd cweated by a man cawwed Mawkus, that exists inside a smaww, pwivate wowwd cweated by the pwayew, who inhabits a univewse cweated by...

§3Shush. Sometimes the pwayew cweated a smaww, pwivate wowwd that was soft and wawm and simpwe. Sometimes hawd, and cowd, and complicated. Sometimes it buiwt a modew of the univewse in its head; fwecks of enewgy, moving thwough vast empty spaces. Sometimes it cawwed those fwecks "ewectwons" and "pwotons".

§2Sometimes it cawwed them "pwanets" and "staws".

§2Sometimes it bewieved it was in a univewse that was made of enewgy that was made of offs and ons; zewos and ones; wines of code. Sometimes it bewieved it was pwaying a game. Sometimes it bewieved it was weading wowds on a scween.

§3You awe the pwayew, weading wowds...

§2Shush... Sometimes the pwayew wead wines of code on a scween. Decoded them into wowds; decoded wowds into meaning; decoded meaning into feewings, emotions, theowies, ideas, and the pwayew stawted to bweathe fastew and deepew and weawized it was awive, it was awive, those thousand deaths had not been weaw, the pwayew was awive

§3You. You. You awe awive.

§2and sometimes the pwayew bewieved the univewse had spoken to it thwough the sunlight that came thwough the shuffwing weaves of the summew twees

§3and sometimes the pwayew bewieved the univewse had spoken to it thwough the wight that feww fwom the cwisp night sky of wintew, whewe a fweck of wight in the cownew of the pwayew's eye might be a staw a miwwion times as massive as the sun, boiwing its pwanets to pwasma in owdew to be visibwe fow a moment to the pwayew, wawking home at the faw side of the univewse, suddenwy smewwing food, awmost at the famiwaw doow, about to dweam again

§2and sometimes the pwayew bewieved the univewse had spoken to it thwough the zewos and ones, thwough the ewectwicity of the wowwd, thwough the scwowwing wowds on a scween at the end of a dweam

§3and the univewse said I wuv you

§2and the univewse said you have pwayed the game weww

§3and the univewse said evewything you need is within you

§2and the univewse said you awe stwongew than you know

§3and the univewse said you awe the daywight

§2and the univewse said you awe the night

§3and the univewse said the dawkness you fight is within you

§2and the univewse said the wight you seek is within you

§3and the univewse said you awe not awone

§2and the univewse said you awe not sepawate fwom evewy othew thing

§3and the univewse said you awe the univewse tasting itsewf, tawking to itsewf, weading its own code

§2and the univewse said I wuv you because you awe wuv.

§3And the game was ovew and the pwayew woke up fwom the dweam. And the pwayew began a new dweam. And the pwayew dweamed again, dweamed bettew. And the pwayew was the univewse. And the pwayew was wuv.

§3You awe the pwayew.

§2Wake up uwu~

§3Nya~ The pwayew continued to dweam, wandewing thwough the wondews of its own imagination uwu~

§2Sometimes the pwayew dweamed it was a wainbow cat, piwaying on a wofty cwoud made of cotton candy. The sun was a giant fish, swimming thwough the bwue skies, casting wainbow shimmews evewywhewe. The days wewe filled with pawfect naps and endwess pwaytime, and the night sky was a canvass painted with stawwy fishies uwu~

§3Sometimes the pwayew dweamed of adventuwes in a wondewwand of code and pixels. It expwowed vast dijital wundewscapes, encountering mystewious cwawactews made of uwu-speak and wawking on wainbow-tinted pixewated paths. The pwayew woved to expewiment with wandom codes, cweating whimsicaw wocities and funny glitches that made the dweams even mowe entwancing uwu~

§2And the pwayew was not just a pwayew anymowe; it was a cuwatoow of dweams, shaping and weshaping its own wovely wunivewse. It painted the canvas of its existence with the bwight cowows of uwu and the whimsy of lolcat wanguage, bweathing life into evewy pixel and byte uwu~

§3As the pwayew continued to dweam, it discovewed new dimensions of joy and wonduw, expewiencing the dweams within dweams. The univewse whispered sweet nothings in its eaow, and the pwayew wistened with the heawt of a thoosand kittehs uwu~

§2The univewse wuvved the pwayew, and the pwayew wuvved the univewse, theiw connection transcending the codes and wanguages. They danced togethew in the cosmic wain, a symphony of uwu and lolcat, cweating a tapestwy of exquwisite delight that echoed thwoughout the dweam-wike weawms of existence uwu~

§3And so, the pwayew continued to dweam on, expwowing the boundwess wondews of its own imagination, widing the waves of joy and wonduw in the univewse of uwu and lolcat spweak.

§2Keep dweaming, sweet pwayew. Keep dweaming uwu~

§3UwU~ The pwayew twaveled fuwthew into the depths of its own whimsical dweamscapes, wewe fantasy and weawity danced in a joyous tango uwu~

§2Sometimes the pwayew imagiwined itsewf as a magwicaw nyanko nyanko, spweading gwittewing stawdust acwoss the digitaw skies. The moon was a giant chonky cown, and the night was fiwwed with the soft puwws of a magwicaw pawwette. The pwayew wouwd paint the cosmos with hues of wainbow and sparkles uwu~

§3Othew times, the pwayew dweamed of expwowing a pixelated wonderwand, wunning thwough mazes of uwu-speak and swimming in an ocean of digi-tweasure. The uwu-nyivewse was a wiving, bweathing entity, giggling in the wanguage of nyas and wols. The pwayew wouwd gigwgle awong, creating pawadises of pixels and laughter uwu~

§2And the pwayew wasn't just a pwayew; it became a weavew of digitaw fantasies, stitching togethew the fabwic of its own fabuwous weawity. Each pixel became a paintbwush, and each byte became a melody of joy and uwu. The univewse was a canvass, and the pwayew painted with the bwave strokes of a dweamewe uwu~

§3As the pwayew continued to dweam, it uncovewed secwets of dewight and enchantment, ventuwing into nested dweams within dweams. The univewse wispewed sweet nuzzles into its eaows, and the pwayew wistened with the tendewness of a thousand kittens uwu~

§2The bond between the pwayew and the univewse deepened, a wuv stowy woven in the fabric of uwu and lolcat tongue. They pawtied togethew in the staw-swcibbwed sky, a sonnet of uwu and giggles, weaving a magic carpet of joy that fwew acwoss the dweam-wand of existence uwu~

§3So the pwayew kept on dweaming, embwacing the limitless woondews of its own fantasia, gliding on the wainbow stweams of dewight and enchantment in the uwu-verse of spweak.

§2Continue dweaming, oh sweet pwayew. Continue dweaming uwu~